proofreading: chapter 10 (#18)
ofirgall/learn-nvim: chapters/10-code-navigation.md

# Code Navigation

## LSP
To make nvim "smart" you need to install a LSP server and connect it to nvim's LSP client.

There are two options to do that:

> 1. Using [mason.nvim](https://github.com/williamboman/mason.nvim) with [mason-lspconfig.nvim](https://github.com/williamboman/mason-lspconfig.nvim) and [nvim-lspconfig](https://github.com/neovim/nvim-lspconfig), these 3 plugins will manage and install LSP servers, make sure you integrate it with your [preconfigured configuration](https://nvchad.github.io/config/Lsp%20stuff).

Author: @ofirgall perhaps we should remove/replace nvchad links since we switched most of them to lvim, and these are broken anyways..

> 1. Using [mason.nvim](https://github.com/williamboman/mason.nvim) with [mason-lspconfig.nvim](https://github.com/williamboman/mason-lspconfig.nvim) and [nvim-lspconfig](https://github.com/neovim/nvim-lspconfig), these 3 plugins will manage and install LSP servers, make sure you integrate it with your [preconfigured configuration](https://nvchad.github.io/config/Lsp%20stuff).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Using [mason.nvim](https://github.com/williamboman/mason.nvim) with [mason-lspconfig.nvim](https://github.com/williamboman/mason-lspconfig.nvim) and [nvim-lspconfig](https://github.com/neovim/nvim-lspconfig), these 3 plugins will manage and install LSP servers, make sure you integrate it with your preconfigured configuration.
```

> 1. Using [nvim-lspconfig](https://github.com/neovim/nvim-lspconfig) and manually maintain the LSP servers binaries (personally I do it with dotfiles), make sure you integrate it with your [preconfigured configuration](https://nvchad.github.io/config/Lsp%20stuff).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Using [nvim-lspconfig](https://github.com/neovim/nvim-lspconfig) and manually maintain the LSP servers binaries (personally I do it with dotfiles), make sure you integrate it with your preconfigured configuration.
```

* You can find all the references/implementations/type definitions with it (using LSP).
* You can live grep a local/workspace symbols (functions), using LSP ofc.

Your preconfigured configuration probably has it installed and binded to keys already, make sure you know how to use it and configure it to your taste, it is very useful.

## LSP Goodies
* [LSP Saga](https://github.com/glepnir/lspsaga.nvim) UI for LSP "hover" and rename and code actions (hints).
* [vim-illuminate](https://github.com/RRethy/vim-illuminate) highlight the symbol your cursor is on and let you jump to next/previous reference, very useful to know what "happened" to a variable.

> * [LSP Signature](https://github.com/ray-x/lsp_signature.nvim) shows the function signature automatically on function calls.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [LSP Signature](https://github.com/ray-x/lsp_signature.nvim) shows the function signature while writing a function call.
```
